[Scene 1] A person standing in front of a large projection screen.
[Scene 2] It is a man standing in a museum looking at a table with a large map displayed on it.
[Scene 3] A man walking down a hallway with posters on the wall.
[Scene 4] Two men are sitting in chairs in a room and talking to each other.
[Scene 5] A man with a camera walking through a museum.
[Scene 6] An ornate cabinet sits in the middle of a room.
[Scene 7] There is a display case with a collection of wallpapers and textiles hanging on the walls.
[Scene 8] A chair made out of red yarn on display.
[Scene 9] Two men sitting in chairs talking to each other.
[Scene 10] Two museum visitors are standing in front of a digital touchscreen table in the museum.
[Scene 11] A man in a museum is interacting with a touch screen.
[Scene 12] A man is talking in front of a green background.
[Scene 13] Two men sitting in chairs talking to each other.
[Scene 14] A display of tools in a glass box.
[Scene 15] A person is using a touch screen table to browse and interact with different digital content.
[Scene 16] There is a collection of books and artwork on display in a room at a museum.
[Scene 17] A room with a lot of different patterns on the walls.
[Scene 18] A man is making a gesture with his hand.
[Scene 19] A sign on a wall that says "immersion room".
[Scene 20] The floor-to-ceiling wallpaper project allows people to interact with the projected content on the wall.
[Scene 21] A man standing in a room with a large screen.
[Scene 22] There are different types of pens on display in a glass case.
[Scene 23] There are two people standing in a room, one of them is pointing at something on the wall.
[Scene 24] The user is interacting with a touch screen interface in a museum exhibit.
[Scene 25] A man sitting in a chair holding a pen.
[Scene 26] A poster with a list of buildings in chicago.
[Scene 27] A man is holding a small electronic device.
[Scene 28] It is a table with a projector on it displaying an abstract design on the wall behind it.
[Scene 29] A person draws on a touch screen with a stylus.
[Scene 30] There are two men sitting in chairs in a room with wooden floors and white walls.
[Scene 31] A green beam of light can be seen shining from a projector on the ceiling in a dark room.
[Scene 32] There is a man standing in front of a large wall with a grid of numbers on it.
[Scene 33] A person pointing at something on a touch screen.
[Scene 34] Two men are sitting on chairs and talking to each other.